<h2><a href="https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-even-odd-subarray-with-threshold">2760. Longest Even Odd Subarray With Threshold</a></h2> <h3>Solved</h3> <h3>Easy</h3> <hr> <p>You are given a 0-indexed integer array <code>nums</code> and an integer <code>threshold</code>.</p> <p>Find the length of the longest subarray of <code>nums</code> starting at index <code>l</code> and ending at index <code>r</code> (<code>0 <= l <= r < nums.length</code>) that satisfies the following conditions:</p> <ul> <li><code>nums[l] % 2 == 0</code></li> <li>For all indices <code>i</code> in the range <code>[l, r - 1]</code>, <code>nums[i] % 2 != nums[i + 1] % 2</code></li> <li>For all indices <code>i</code> in the range <code>[l, r]</code>, <code>nums[i] <= threshold</code></li> </ul> <p>Return an integer denoting the length of the longest such subarray.</p> <p><strong>Note:</strong> A subarray is a contiguous non-empty sequence of elements within an array.</p> <p><strong>Example 1:</strong></p> <pre> <strong>Input:</strong> nums = [3,2,5,4], threshold = 5 <strong>Output:</strong> 3 <strong>Explanation:</strong> In this example, we can select the subarray that starts at l = 1 and ends at r = 3 => [2,5,4]. This subarray satisfies the conditions. Hence, the answer is the length of the subarray, 3. We can show that 3 is the maximum possible achievable length. </pre> <p><strong>Example 2:</strong></p> <pre> <strong>Input:</strong> nums = [1,2], threshold = 2 <strong>Output:</strong> 1 <strong>Explanation:</strong> In this example, we can select the subarray that starts at l = 1 and ends at r = 1 => [2]. It satisfies all the conditions and we can show that 1 is the maximum possible achievable length. </pre> <p><strong>Example 3:</strong></p> <pre> <strong>Input:</strong> nums = [2,3,4,5], threshold = 4 <strong>Output:</strong> 3 <strong>Explanation:</strong> In this example, we can select the subarray that starts at l = 0 and ends at r = 2 => [2,3,4]. It satisfies all the conditions. Hence, the answer is the length of the subarray, 3. We can show that 3 is the maximum possible achievable length. </pre> <p><strong>Constraints:</strong></p> <ul> <li>1 ≤ <code>nums.length</code> ≤ 100</li> <li>1 ≤ <code>nums[i]</code> ≤ 100</li> <li>1 ≤ <code>threshold</code> ≤ 100</li> </ul>
